Source: LinkedIn https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/view/4330752766/
Date: 15 Apr 2026
Project Manager - Confluence 
About the job
Department: Client Experience

Location: London, United Kingdom


Description

Location - London, United Kingdom

Why Confluence?
Over the past several years we have undergone a great deal of positive change and growth to become the company we are today. Our global footprint now spans multiple countries, giving our employees the opportunity to get exposure to other countries and cultures. And it stands to reason that none of this would have been possible without the hundreds of hard-working employees who work at Confluence.

More about the role & team

As a Project Manager within our Project Management Office (PMO), will lead cross-functional project teams, uphold project governance standards, and provide centralised, transparent reporting to stakeholders—enabling timely and informed decision-making at all levels.

You will be part of a globally distributed team, with colleagues based across multiple countries. You’ll work alongside Client Experience colleagues and be expected to attend the office at least one day per week. This in-office presence fosters meaningful collaboration, particularly with our Client Experience team.

Confluence continues to grow year on year, making this an exciting and fast-paced environment for professionals who thrive on impact and innovation.

🔑 Key Responsibilities
Coordinate with cross-disciplinary teams to ensure alignment on project requirements, scope deadlines, and project plan schedules.
Lead project meetings to drive decision making, identify and mitigate risks.
Manage projects in alignment with contractual agreements
Prepare status reports using relevant data and insights.
Establish and execute effective communication plans.
Manage scope, including change requests and assess their impact on timelines and budgets.
Secure client acceptance and manage satisfaction during project transitions.

What skills and experience do I need to succeed?

🛠️ Technical Skills
Project planning
Capacity & Resource Planning
Experience with using a project planning tool (MS Project, Monday.com, Smartsheets, JIRA)
Project Budgeting and Revenue Forecasting
💼 Competencies
Strong communication and time management
Adaptability and problem-solving
Conflict resolution and stakeholder engagement
Proven project management expertise
🎓 Qualifications & Experience
Minimum 3 years of relevant work experience - essential
Experience managing project budgets - essential
Experience working in a client-facing environment - preferred
Degree or certification in Project Management - desirable

What do we offer?

Confluence offers generous benefit packages for team members. As a growing, global organization, we are always looking for ways to ensure that our employees can access benefits that matter to them and their families. This includes:

🕚 Generous Time Off packages including additional half days with each public holiday in your location.
🌎 Global Career Development opportunities
🎊 Social Events
💵 Referral Bonus scheme - Upto $3,000 per successful referral
🚀 Plus many more!

More about the Location
We offer flexible working options for all employees. You would work 1+ day per week from our London office based in St Paul's.



Values
We look for people who align with our 4 values.

Integrity
Face reality with honesty, courage and accountability
Imagination
Deal creatively with challenges and envision what the world could be
Discipline
Build good habits into reflexes which become a part of our life
Service
Committed to the success of others

If you would like to find out more about a Career at Confluence, please apply today.

Pre-Employment Screening Disclaimer
 As part of our recruitment process, we carry out identity checks on all candidates. Offers of employment are conditional upon the completion of satisfactory background checks prior to the commencement of work. These checks may include verification of identity, right to work in the UK, employment history, and other relevant pre-employment screening.

Please note that additional checks may be required depending on the nature of the role and the jurisdiction in which the role is based or operates. These may include, but are not limited to, criminal record checks or financial background checks where applicable.