Source: LinkedIn 
https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/view/4369821434/
Zenith
Project Manager 
London, England, United Kingdom

About the job
Company Description

We are the ROI agency, a position we have proudly held true to since 2005. Our more than 6,000 specialists across 95 markets offer unparalleled capabilities in Media, Data, Technology, Commerce and Content. We put effectiveness at the heart of our work to solve complex challenges, drive successful business outcomes, and grow our clients’ businesses.
Over the years, we have evolved our definition of ROI, as it has changed with the ever- complicated communications landscape. ROI is no longer simply about the most efficient planning, buying and reporting of media.
Yes, ROI is about delivering Return on Investment; but it’s also about going beyond to deliver a
Return on Imagination and more integrated experiences that inspire Growth. Top-line growth
for our clients’ businesses, growth for our people and growth for our culture.
Powered by our best-in-class proprietary tools and data, our work spans the full spectrum of media communications, from analytics, data and technology to performance marketing, content and superior trading.
This breadth means we deliver Insight that lies at the intersection of consumer, category, and brand, attributing every budget to stronger business outcomes.
It means we deliver more creative media solutions that bring together best-in-class strategy, planning and the power of Publicis Groupe to ensure distinct and more personal brand experiences for our clients.
It means we adopt new data analytics and value optimisation techniques while building
relationships with some of the world’s most exciting start-ups. We leverage over 30 years of media planning expertise to go beyond traditional media solutions and deliver a Return on Investment that is both forward–thinking and accountable to our clients.
At Zenith, we ultimately seek out a more meaningful kind of ROI. Our unique way of thinking inspires growth for some of the world’s leading brands, including Coty, Electrolux, Essity, Lactalis, Luxottica, Nestlé, Nomad Foods, Reckitt, TikTok and Verizon.

Overview
This role sits within Zenith’s Data & Analytics team known for the delivery of high-quality automated reporting solutions. This role is critical to support Zenith’s capabilities to continue delivering quality work, at speed.
The individual successful in this role will act as a key liaison between our engineering teams and non-technical / client facing stakeholders. They will be a key contact, driving progress and resolving issues to ensure that the development team can move at pace.
The role offers the opportunity to have a meaningful impact on the day-to-day delivery and long-term improvements to ways of working. There is flexibility in the way things are done, and it is encouraged to question the status quo to optimise our approach in project management and development. As a result, this opportunity will suit an individual that can be autonomous and mould the role to themselves.

Responsibilities
Lead the management of new analytics/reporting projects and oversee BAU work to ensure client scopes are delivered.
Lead the project team to accurately scope work and define/leverage the appropriate project delivery method per client assignment brief.
Manage projects and teams within agreed timelines.
Manage and communicate risks.
Organise & lead agile ceremonies such as daily stand-ups/retrospectives/planning sessions.
Produce and maintain appropriate project documentation, understanding the audience and detail required (Project Plans, RAID log etc)
Collaborate with cross functional teams to ensure that requirements and client expectations are met.
Drive issue resolution by aligning and mobilising stakeholders across the wider organisation.
Able to navigate collaborating with virtual teams and clients across multiple time zones.
Act as the liaison between technical and non-technical stakeholders.
Management of Zenith World Wide’s Jira instance.

Qualifications
Experience of project management in digital project delivery - Experience within a marketing agency is not mandatory, however an interest in or exposure to data/digital marketing would be a distinct advantage.
Experience managing multiple tracks of a project as an integrated programme, with differing timelines, deliverables, and expectations.
Demonstrable experience delivering projects using agile methodologies.
Experience with project management tools (Jira, Monday.com).
Excellent verbal and written communication skills.
Personable, with the ability to build relationships easily.
Innovative thinker, comfortable questioning the status quo
Active listener
Natural leader

Additional Information
Zenith International has fantastic benefits on offer to all of our employees. In addition to the classics, Pension, Life Assurance, Private Medical and Income Protection Planswe also offer;

WORK YOUR WORLD opportunity to work anywhere in the world, where there is a Publicis office, for up to 6 weeks a year.
REFLECTION DAYS - Two additional days of paid leave to step away from your usual day-to-day work and create time to focus on your well-being and self-care.
HELP@HAND BENEFITS 24/7 helpline to support you on a personal and professional level. Access to remote GPs, mental health support and CBT. Wellbeing content and lifestyle coaching.
FAMILY FRIENDLY POLICIES We provide 26 weeks of full pay for the following family milestones: Maternity. Adoption, Surrogacy and Shared Parental Leave.
FLEXIBLE WORKING, BANK HOLIDAY SWAP & BIRTHDAY DAY OFF You are entitled to an additional day off for your birthday, from your first day of employment.
GREAT LOCAL DISCOUNTS This includes membership discounts with Soho Friends, local restaurants and retailers in Westfield White City and Television Centre.

Full details of our benefits will be shared when you join us!
Publicis Groupe operates a hybrid working pattern with full time employees being office-based four days during the working week.
We are supportive of all candidates and are committed to providing a fair assessment process. If you have any circumstances (such as neurodiversity, physical or mental impairments or a medical condition) that may affect your assessment, please inform your Talent Acquisition Partner. We will discuss possible adjustments to ensure fairness. Rest assured, disclosing this information will not impact your treatment in our process.
Please make sure you check out the Publicis Career Page which showcases our Inclusive Benefits and our EAG’s (Employee Action Groups)=