Source: LinkedIn
Date: May 18, 2026
Url: https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/view/4412287855/



Costa
Lead Agile Delivery Manager

About the job
At Costa Coffee, we are what we craft. We’re reimagining coffee experiences in over 50 countries and counting, as a key part of the Coca-Cola System. Whether you get your coffee in a store, from a machine, at home, or on the go – we’ve got you covered.



Our teams make a difference. Whether that’s working on new tech for the perfect pour, helping our teams grow, creating award-winning campaigns, crunching the numbers, or developing the latest exciting menu item; together, we stir up success.



We may be a global brand, but we haven’t forgotten our roots. That’s where the Costa Foundation and our fantastic community agenda come in. Whatever your role, you can help us change lives in coffee growing communities and help your local community too.



We also want to help you grow in your career through amazing experiences, our apprenticeship scheme, and development programmes. At Costa, you can go beyond the day-to-day.

And as a Lead Agile Delivery Manager there’s never been a better time to join.



You will be managing the delivery of critical Supply Chain initiatives to agreed deadlines and budgets while ensuring the highest quality deliverables and continuing to delight key stakeholders. The Supply Chain initiatives cover everything from product technical data through to stock orders and replenishment.



So, why Costa?



We didn’t become a global coffee brand by sitting back. When you work here, you join a community that values passion, progression and integrity, with some pretty brilliant perks to sweeten the deal:

Own a piece of Costa’s success by becoming a share owner in Coca-Cola with our Share Investment Plan (SIP)
A smart pension that saves you money on tax and national insurance, and matches your contributions up to 10%
The Costa Financial Support Fund, supporting team members who find themselves in unexpected financial pressure
50% discount in all Costa-owned stores, and 25% off in other participating stores
Private medical cover thanks to our Private Healthcare scheme
And that’s not all. Explore even more of our perks here: https://bit.ly/costaperks
We’re passionate about being a great place to work, where you can bring your unique self into our mix. We firmly support diversity, equity and inclusion, and continue to work with our teams to shape the future of our culture and values: Disciplined to Deliver, Passion for Progress, Win with Warmth, Courage to Challenge and Trusted Team Players.



What you’ll do



Being a Lead Agile Delivery Manager is about so much more than bringing our coffee to the world. It’s your chance to stir up real success - which means you’ll:

Deliver critical Supply Chain technology initiatives: managing a plan and an ongoing roadmap, identifying and managing risks and issues and managing budgets.
Stakeholder Management: Building and maintaining strong relationships with internal and external stakeholders and maintaining clear and consistent communication.
Team Building: Fostering a collaborative and high-performing team environment, ensuring that team members are motivated and engaged.
Agile Methodology Implementation: Leading the adoption and continuous improvement of Agile practices, including Scrum, Kanban, and Lean methodologies.


Who you are



It’s your unique ingredients we’re interested in:

Excellent knowledge of Agile and Waterfall methodologies
Excellent verbal and written communication skills, with the ability to convey complex information to diverse audiences.
Problem-Solving: Strong analytical and problem-solving abilities, with a focus on delivering practical solutions.
Leadership: Demonstrated ability to lead and motivate cross-functional teams.
Proven experience with agile estimation and planning activities – maintenance of roadmaps, delivery plans, incremental approaches - and managing and communicating progress and challenges to stakeholders
 

Location – St Albans– Hybrid

Job Details