Source: https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/view/4377426754/
Date: 9th April 2026

About the job
Overview

At Microsoft AI, we are on a mission to train the world’s most capable AI frontier models, pushing the boundaries of scale, performance, and product deployment. We’re tackling some of the most challenging problems in deep learning at scale. As a team, we will deliver one of the best foundation models in the world, forming the foundation of many initiatives across Microsoft AI.

Help deliver one of the best foundational models in the world at Microsoft AI.

Microsoft Superintelligence Team 

Microsoft Superintelligence team’s mission is to empower every person and every organization on the planet to achieve more. As employees we come together with a growth mindset, innovate to empower others, and collaborate to realize our shared goals. Each day we build on our values of respect, integrity, and accountability to create a culture of inclusion where everyone can thrive at work and beyond.

This role is part of Microsoft AI's Superintelligence Team. The MAIST is a startup-like team inside Microsoft AI, created to push the boundaries of AI toward Humanist Superintelligence—ultra-capable systems that remain controllable, safety-aligned, and anchored to human values. Our mission is to create AI that amplifies human potential while ensuring humanity remains firmly in control. We aim to deliver breakthroughs that benefit society—advancing science, education, and global well-being.

About

We’re looking for highly motivated and detail-oriented Technical Program Managers to help bring our vision to life. We are seeking outstanding individuals excited about contributing to the next generation of systems that will transform the field. We are looking for candidates who:

Deeply understand the pipeline of collecting data, training, evaluating, and serving language models and multimodal models. 
Have experience working side-by-side with AI researchers and engineers. 
Thrive in a 0->1, scrappy, innovative environment. 
Are passionate about managing high-stakes, time-sensitive, large-scale programs. 
Take initiative and enjoy finding paths through complexity in a fast-paced environment. 
Are comfortable owning projects that span offices, teams, and time zones, can coordinate different workstreams, and drive to relentlessly unblock progress. 
Demonstrate a proactive attitude and enthusiasm for exploring new methods and technologies. 
Possess strong technical curiosity and judgment. 

Microsoft’s mission is to empower every person and every organization on the planet to achieve more. As employees, we come together with a growth mindset, innovate to empower others, and collaborate to realize our shared goals. Each day we build on our values of respect, integrity, and accountability to create a culture of inclusion where everyone can thrive at work and beyond.

Starting January 26, 2026, MAI employees are expected to work from a designated Microsoft office at least four days a week if they live within 50 miles (U.S.) or 25 miles (non-U.S., country-specific) of that location. This expectation is subject to local law and may vary by jurisdiction.

Responsibilities

Coordinate projects and programs including all elements of end-to-end program planning, timelines, milestones, performance metrics, risk anticipation/mitigation and resource needs for programs and product cycles. 
Collaborate with product teams, engineers, researchers, and external partners to identify gaps and drive timelines toward resolution and mitigation. 
Leverage data and analytics to identify opportunities for improvement, track progress, and measure the impact of quality and efficiency programs. 
Foster a culture of collaboration, continuous improvement, and growth. 
Own the status of key projects, proactively identifying risks and proposing solutions to ensure timely delivery. 
Communicate program strategies, progress, and results to executive leadership and key stakeholders, advocating for quality and efficiency within the team. 
Work closely with teams on infrastructure, data engineering, pre-training, post-training, and product feedback. 
Advance the AI frontier responsibly. 
Embody Microsoft’s culture and values. 

Qualifications

Required Qualifications 

Experience developing AI/ML models — including working with data, training models, and evaluating model quality.
Experience leading complex technical programs end‑to‑end — planning work, managing timelines, milestones, and risks.
Experience working closely with engineers, researchers, and product teams to deliver technical outcomes.
Experience using data and metrics to track progress, spot issues early, and guide decisions.

Microsoft will accept applications and process offers for these roles on an ongoing basis.

#MicrosoftAI #MAI #TechnicalProgramManager #AIJobs #Copilot

This position will be open for a minimum of 5 days, with applications accepted on an ongoing basis until the position is filled.

Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, citizenship, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, immigration status, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran or military status, race, ethnicity, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable local laws, regulations and ordinances. If you need assistance with religious accommodations and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application process, read more about requesting accommodations.