Source: LinkedIn
https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/view/4400268972/ 
Date: 16 Apr 2026

Management Consultant - Manager - Agile Tech Delivery 
London, England, United Kingdom 

About the job
Overview
Why Moorhouse? 
We are a dynamic consulting firm, focused on delivering sustainable change. We make sure our clients succeed in their long-term goals by helping them turn their strategy into action through exceptional delivery and a commitment to establishing a culture of change. Clients like what we do and how we work, and we are looking for people to join the Moorhouse team.
We pride ourselves in being proactive, collaborative, and straightforward team players. We like to move fast as a team and both honesty and integrity are key to this. In return you will be part of a supportive and high-performing team that shares the workload, looks after each other and celebrates success together. You can be assured of an exciting opportunity that will stretch you and equip you with skills, experience and knowledge that can help organisations respond to the turbulence, change and opportunity that will define the future of work. We don’t do politics, egos, or personal agendas – it consumes too much time and distracts us from being successful together.
We will expect you to contribute to a culture of sustainability and embrace Moorhouse’s social responsibility by integrating responsible practices and upholding ethical standards and awareness in everyday work.
Moorhouse is currently unable to offer visa sponsorship for this role. Unfortunately, this means we are not able to progress applications from candidates who would require sponsorship now or in the future.

Agile Tech Delivery at Moorhouse

Our AD3 Service Line—covering Advisory, Product, and Transformation—brings together expertise in Digital, Data, AI, and Delivery to help organisations achieve measurable, sustainable results. We guide technology leaders through every stage of the journey, from shaping strategic roadmaps to delivering large-scale technology-enabled change.

 Digital - We translate digital ambitions into reality, optimising technology landscapes, modernising platforms, and delivering innovative digital solutions that drive transformational impact. 
 Data - We lay the foundations for data-driven decision-making, building the infrastructure, analytics capabilities, and insights needed to unlock the full potential of data. 
 AI - We help organisations adopt AI responsibly and effectively, by defining governance models, piloting AI use cases, and scaling solutions that align with strategic objectives. 
 Delivery - We ensure that solutions move seamlessly from concept to implementation. Our Delivery teams manage complex portfolios and programs, orchestrating each phase to achieve on-time, on-budget outcomes that truly make a difference. 


Working across our Tribes (Advisory, Product, Transformation) and Guilds (AI, Digital, Delivery, Data), we ensure all capabilities are integrated to solve the most challenging problems and create lasting value.

Essential Skills
What are we looking for?
Potential is what excites us so we are keen to hear from people who want to harness their experience within an organisation that will invest in their professional development from day one. This isn’t just about skills for the job but skills for life – mindset, adaptability, resilience and leadership to name just a few. It is important that you can contribute to sales and business development as well as leading consultant / client delivery teams on key engagements and accounts. In addition, we will expect you to motivate, support and develop junior members of the Moorhouse team and play an active role in supporting the career development of a small group of colleagues.

Experience
 Outstanding delivery and transformation capability, with experience independently leading Agile workstreams, product increments, or initiatives within transformation programmes or large-scale technology projects 
 A strong understanding of enterprise technologies (e.g., ERP, CRM, data platforms, cloud solutions) and how they enable iterative delivery, product development, and business transformation 
 Experience working within Agile delivery environments (e.g., Scrum, Kanban, SAFe), with an appreciation for product-led approaches and value-driven delivery 
 Excellent stakeholder management skills, with experience working with C-level executives and senior leadership to shape product vision, priorities, and outcomes 
 Demonstrates strong analytical and problem-solving skills, with the ability to balance strategic thinking, product mindset, and hands-on delivery execution 
 Contribute to a culture of sustainability and embrace Moorhouse's social responsibility by integrating responsible practices and upholding ethical standards and awareness in everyday work 


Essential Skills

 6 - 8 years’ consulting experience whether this is from a big consulting firm, boutique consultancy or experience gained in delivering products within industry 
 Relevant certifications (e.g., Agile, Scrum Master, SAFe, PMP, PRINCE2, MSP, CSPO) 
 A strong sales track record with experience leading and developing bids, proposals, and propositions, particularly with an Agile or product-led delivery lens 
 A passion for building and nurturing strong relationships, both with clients and colleagues 
 Experience of effectively managing and collaborating with senior client stakeholders 
 A keen interest in playing a senior role within the Service Line team, supporting the development of compelling propositions and integrating with Sector teams 
 Cross-sector experience is valuable, but we are open to exploring candidates with specific sector experience 


Benefits

What we can offer you:

 A total cash package in excess of £110,000 comprising of a base salary of £82,005 and a combination of personal and company bonuses that are paid every six months. 
 25 days annual leave increasing by one day for every full year of service to a maximum of 30 days with the option to buy or sell up to five days of annual leave per year. 
 Life Assurance, Private Medical Insurance, Group Personal Pension Scheme and a range of lifestyle and wellbeing benefits through Perkbox. 
 Enhanced family-friendly package: generous parental pay, flexible working options, and paid time off for family commitments so you can balance work and home life with confidence. 
 Inclusive Culture and Community: a wide range of employee resource groups that encourage collaboration, peer support and offer learning and education opportunities across the business and create a strong sense of belonging across the business. 
 A culture where you will not need to compete with others because of promotion quotas or the typical distribution curves that govern performance management in other organisations. We recognise and reward performance consistently and transparently across the firm so that everyone knows where they stand. 


We offer flexible working arrangements with our offices near Liverpool Street although you can expect to spend some time as part of a team on UK client sites. We support flexibility wherever possible.

Moorhouse is proud to be an equal opportunities employer, and our values underpin a working environment that is inclusive for all those who work for us. We encourage people to bring their whole selves to work, contribute ideas, take the initiative and be responsible for their impact on others internally and externally.