Source: LinkedIn
Date: 23 May 26
Url: https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/view/4387491834/

Apply Digital
Senior Project Manager 
London, England, United Kingdom


JD:
About the job
About Apply Digital

Apply Digital is a global AI-native transformation partner, client-obsessed and built for a new era of client services. We bring together industry expertise and elite talent to connect strategy, agentic experiences, technology, and data for the world's most ambitious organizations.

With the agility to move fast and the experience to deliver with precision, Apply Digital works with clients like Arc'teryx, Lululemon, and Kraft Heinz.

For more information, visit applydigital.com

LOCATION:  Apply Digital is hybrid friendly with remote options available if needed. The preferred candidate should be based in (or within a location commutable to) the Greater London Area of the United Kingdom, working in hours that align to the UK timezone. The office is located in the Shoreditch area.

THE ROLE:

Apply Digital is looking for an experienced Senior Project Manager to join our Managed Service team. You may bring a background with experience on the digital agency or consultancy-side, working with clients on large digital and ecommerce transformation initiatives, helping them work more efficiently and strategically across product, design and engineering to define and deliver on business outcomes. If you have a proven ability to navigate the challenges of working with multiple stakeholders and bring impact delivering integrated digital experiences across the ecommerce ecosystem, along with a collaborative and team-oriented mindset, we invite you to become part of our connected team.

As a champion of project management best practices, you will bring fluency in Agile, but with the ability to adapt, support, grow and optimize teams to apply the best methodologies to solve the right problems and drive flawless execution and delivery for our clients. You have your pulse on the day to day details but care about the ‘big picture’ and can move effortlessly between the two to drive transformation for your client’s business. You have a deep knowledge of the core disciplines and workflows across product, design, development, QA required to deliver web based projects. Communication comes naturally to you whether it’s with developers, designers or Client Stakeholders, and you are seasoned in the art of facilitation to drive alignment across multi functional teams to define requirements, steer decisions and turn that into clear, actionable product backlogs, roadmaps, resources and release plans to deliver on project outcomes, on time and budget.

RESPONSIBILITIES:

Lead and manage ecommerce web development projects, coordinating and managing all aspects of project delivery, including defining and translating multiple client business outcomes and product requirements into clear, actionable roadmaps and project plans and managing the execution against those plans. Defining team capacity and resource requirements, tracking and reporting, and controlling scope and mitigating risks at the project level. 
Facilitate regular workshops and meetings such as definitions, requirements gathering and prioritization sessions, concepting and design/UX reviews, prototyping and testing, product demos and stakeholder review and feedback sessions. 
Employ agile or hybrid-agile methodologies as appropriate while being adaptable to select best practices for efficient project delivery and effective production workflows across multi disciplinary teams. 
Work with the Product Consultant and Client Services to conduct project meetings including scrum or other ceremonies, with clear agendas and actionable outcomes to track work across various teams for a number of clients. 
Work with the PMO and Delivery team to track, manage & report on project budgets, timelines, and resource allocations, ensuring efficient project delivery. 
Identify, communicate and mitigate risks while balancing the business needs versus technical constraints and knowing when to escalate accordingly to senior stakeholders to proactively resolve issues. 
Act as the primary project delivery point of contact for client and team stakeholders, providing regular updates on project progress, key milestones, releases and any changes in scope. 
Continuously engage with the client, account leadership and team to ensure we deliver the value expected of each engagement. 
Foster a one-team mindset, actively monitoring and reporting team morale. 

REQUIREMENTS:

5+ years of demonstrated track record leading teams delivering end-to-end digital solutions in an agency or product organization, ideally with leading global brands, with proven experience delivering web product launches. 
Previous experience as a Digital/Web Project Manager or in a project management role leading large delivery teams in software development, web technologies and/or ecommerce products. 
Ability to thrive in a fast-paced eCommerce environment, managing multiple client requests, queries, and services with a sense of urgency and efficiency. Impeccable organizational skills are essential, along with the ability to shift priorities quickly and seamlessly while maintaining high standards and accuracy. 
Strong understanding of the software development lifecycle, CI/CD and project management methodologies including agile, hybrid-agile, scrum, kanban and others. 
Knowledge of technical concepts and tools (ie. AI, machine learning, data analytics, cloud computing, commerce, platform integrations). 
Is a plus to have experience leading headless implementations of various platforms: e-commerce (CommerceTools, BigCommerce, or similar), CMS (Contentful, Contentstack, or similar), Loyalty ( Talon.one , EagleEye, or similar), Identity (Stytch, Okta, Auth0, or similar) and Personalization (Ninetailed, Segment, or similar)
Proficiency using project management software tools and collaboration platforms. -Jira/Confluence, Google Suite, Miro are essential. Other tools including MS Teams, Notion, Instagantt, Smartsheet could be an advantage. 

WHAT YOU MIGHT ALSO BRING:

Experience working with enterprise-level companies with a focus on Ecommerce and maintenance ecosystem. 
A proactive mindset with the foresight to identify potential risks and develop mitigation strategies, ensuring resources, budgets, and workloads are effectively managed. 
Professional certifications such as Agile Certification and/or Scrum Master certification are desirable. 
Strong belief in servant leadership. 
A can-do attitude, a passion for digital products, and the resilience to work in a flexible and fast-paced environment. 
Demonstrable critical thinking, creative problem-solving, and willingness to take on complex challenges. 
Ability to diplomatically navigate complex and controversial discussions and de-escalate difficult situations. 
A good dose of humility and positivity to drive your relentless pursuit of excellence. 

LIFE AT APPLY DIGITAL

At Apply Digital, people are at the core of everything we do . We value your time, safety, and health, and strive to build a work community that can help you thrive and grow. Here are a few benefits we offer to support you:

Great projects: Broaden your skills on a range of engaging projects with international brands that have a global impact.

An inclusive and safe environment: We’re truly committed to building a culture where you are celebrated and everyone feels welcome and safe.

Learning opportunities: We offer generous training budgets, including partner tech certifications, custom learning plans, workshops, mentorship, and peer support.

Vacation policy: We value work–life balance, so you’ll enjoy 24 days of vacation plus 8 bank holidays to rest, recharge, and focus on what matters most.

Benefits: We use Vitality benefits designed to enhance your health, well-being, and work–life balance.

Flexible work arrangements: We work in a variety of ways, from remote, to in-office, to a blend of both.

Apply Digital is committed to building a culture where differences are celebrated and everyone feels welcome. That’s why we value equal opportunity and nurture an inclusive workplace where our individual differences are recognized and valued.

For more information, visit the Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion (DEI) section of our website. If you have accommodation needs at this stage of the recruitment process, please inform us as soon as possible by emailing us at [email protected] .

We may use artificial intelligence (AI) tools to support parts of the hiring process, such as reviewing applications, analyzing resumes, or assessing responses. These tools assist our recruitment team but do not replace human judgment. Final hiring decisions are ultimately made by humans. If you would like more information about how your data is processed, please contact us. 
