Source: linkedin
Date:15 May 26
Url: https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/view/4414647094/
About the job
London/Manchester, hybrid

DEPT® is a Growth Invention company built to help the world’s most ambitious brands grow faster. Operating at the intersection of technology and marketing, our 4,000+ specialists deliver growth invention services across Brand & Media, Experience, Commerce, CRM, and Technology & Data. We’re 50|50 tech and marketing, partner-led, and first to move. Clients include Google, Lufthansa, Meta, eBay, and OpenAI. We have been certified B Corp and Climate Neutral since 2021.

Job Purpose

This position sits in our Experience & Engineering business unit. We primarily deliver large-scale website design and build projects, combining our skills in developing future-ready technical solutions with our expertise in creating beautiful designs to help clients including Nikon, London Marathon Events and END. We pride ourselves on delivering exceptional and engaging digital experiences.

You will drive several web design and build projects from initial concept to delivery. As Project Manager you will manage the full project life-cycle, from requirements capture, through solution design, build, test and deployment. You will also manage project risks, issues and dependencies, to deliver projects on time, on budget and to high quality.

You will work with a range of clients on several different projects and must be adept at managing and building client relationships and reporting on the status of projects. You will be the key contact for clients, advising them on cost, available resources, problems and solutions.

Liaising and updating stakeholders on the status of projects, you will track the project deliverables and match those with agreed deadlines. You will continuously assess working methods and processes and make recommendations for improvement. Oversee projects’ financial budget, notifying stakeholders of key cost implications, changes to budget, spending and cost changes.

What You’ll Bring

Have a strong background in digital project management working on projects from initial briefing to delivery
Experienced in Agile project delivery
Have agency experience with a passion for IT, e-commerce and digital projects
Have previous experience with project managing the development of web and mobile sites
Adept at building effective client relationships and working with several stakeholders to deliver targets
Strong communication with excellent presentation, report writing and data analysis capabilities;
Can work under pressure, change direction when required and work on a range of client projects at the same time.


WE OFFER:

A flexible, hybrid working policy (2 days from the office, depending on location);
An excellent salary based on experience and equal pay policies;
Pension, free private healthcare, mental health support, and company sick pay scheme.
26 days paid holiday (plus UK Bank Holidays).
Refreshments are provided in the office all week, as well as drinks at 4 pm on a Friday.
Help getting you to work with a season ticket loan and cycle to work scheme.
Enhanced family friendly policies to support new parents.
Social and Cultural Events, plenty of opportunities to connect with colleagues through organised activities and celebrations.
Inspirational Talks, bringing the outside in with regular guest speakers and events.
Learning and Development, supporting your growth with continuous opportunities to learn and advance.
Buddy Programme: You will be paired with a ‘Buddy’ to help you through your first weeks’ at DEPT®.
A reputation for doing good. DEPT® has been a Certified B Corp® since 2021 and named ‘Agency of the Year’ at both The Lovies and The Webby Awards.
Awesome clients. Whether big or small, local or global — at DEPT® you’ll get the opportunity to work with clients of all sizes and across all industries. And we celebrate all of our successes together!
The opportunity for possibility. We want to enable you to do what you do best and help you develop your skills further with training, development and certifications.
Global annual DEPT® Cares Month in which employees come together and donate their skills to support local charities.


WHY DEPT®?

We are a Growth Invention company built to help the world’s most ambitious brands grow faster. Operating at the intersection of technology and marketing, we create what is next by pioneering ideas, acting fast, and moving further because standing still just is not in our DNA.

We are drawn to people who stay curious, move with intent, and never stop inventing. Our culture runs on three values: better together, relentlessly curious, and get sh*t done. It is how we work, how we grow, and how we make things that matter.

At DEPT®, you will find the freedom to explore, the space to collaborate, and the trust to make a real impact for our clients, for each other, and for the world we are helping to build.

DIVERSITY, EQUITY & INCLUSION 

At DEPT®, we take pride in creating an inclusive workplace where everyone has an equal opportunity to thrive. We actively seek to recruit, develop, nurture, and retain talented individuals from diverse backgrounds, with varying skills and perspectives.

Not sure you meet all qualifications? Apply, and let us decide! Research shows that women and members of underrepresented groups tend not to apply for jobs when they think they may not meet every requirement, when in fact they do. We believe in giving everyone a fair chance to shine.

We also encourage you to reach out to us and discuss any reasonable adjustments we can make to support you throughout the recruitment process and your time with us.

Want to know more about our dedication to diversity, equity, and inclusion? Check out our efforts here.