Source: LinkedIn
Date: 16 Apr 2026
https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/view/4394778403/
Senior Project Manager 
World Wide Technology • United Kingdom (Remote)

About the job
The Sr. Project Manager is responsible for managing large and complex technical projects, leveraging project management best practices to drive continuous improvement, and ensuring high-quality outcomes. The Sr Project Manager is expected to weigh the interests of multiple stakeholders, act with the highest professionalism and exercise independent judgment and decision-making.

Job Responsibilities:
Manages the day-to-day operational and tactical aspects of multiple and large complex projects with multiple work streams
Ability to create in depth WBS with interdependencies and a defined critical path
Demonstrates excellent verbal and written communication skills; Develop and execute an efficient internal and external communication strategy for ensuring communication with all levels of management within the team
Monitors and reports on project progress to stakeholders
Builds and strengthens relationships with the customer and stakeholders (internal and external)
Responsible for creation and maintenance of resource plans ensuring effective resource allocation and distribution across portfolio of projects
Utilizes project management tools and techniques to improve execution and drive efficiencies.
Implements engagement review and quality assurance procedures in accordance with our methodology
Ensures profitable and successful execution of all assigned engagements as measured by regional goals and customer feedback
Proactively manages changes in project scope
Effectively creates and executes risk management plans
Manages and analyzes profitability, revenue, margins, bill rates and utilization across projects
Understands and manages key project financial components to ensure projects are delivered within budget
Responsible for quality and timely execution of deliverables across projects


Work Experience

A minimum of 8 years' progressive experience in a related field
Working knowledge of both the theoretical and practical aspects of project management, in a technology industry.
Experience managing client expectations, vendor terms, and internal resource alignment
Demonstrated leadership in providing project deliverables as assigned.
Ability to manage budgets, analyze financial reports, and track profitability across projects.
Skilled at navigating complex challenges with analytical rigor
Understand difference between a risk and issue, and skills required to drive risk and issue resolution.
Ability to work independently and aggressively track to project timelines.
Proficiency in managing multiple projects, prioritizing tasks, and meeting deadlines
Excellent documentation skills and attention to detail.
Experience in effectively influencing and leading internal and external teams.
Ability to influence, motivate, and guide cross-functional teams
Excellent problem solving, and critical thinking skills.
Strong verbal, written, and presentation skills to engage clients, teams, and executives
Proficiency with project management software.
Experience delivering project management in a professional services environment

