Source: LinkedIn https://jobs.worldpay.com/jobs/JR0609393-2?source=LinkedIn

Date: 15 Apr 2026
Senior Client Delivery Manager
Worldpay · London Area, United Kingdom (Hybrid)

About the job
Are you ready to write your next chapter?

Make your mark at one of the biggest names in payments. We’re looking for a Senior Client Delivery Manager to join our ever-evolving Enterprise POS Centre of Excellence team and help us unleash the potential of every business.

What you’ll own as the Senior Client Delivery Manager

You will provide dedicated Integration and Implementation support to the Enterprise Merchants and Integrators. To achieve this, you will work closely with Merchants, Integrators, Product, Solution Consultations and Commercial teams to fully understand customer requirements and deliver projects in a timely and effective manner.

Manage high-profile customer and partner projects from the planning stage through to completion, following clear and well-maintained project plans.
Establish Customer Delivery development priorities and identify roadblocks. Be the accountable party for quality, on-time delivery, and client satisfaction for Integrated/Omnichannel product delivery.
Collaborate with the product organisation on requested product definition changes based on evolving customer needs. Work creatively with customers and colleagues to achieve and maintain market-leading payment solutions.
Present project reports and updates to key stakeholders at monthly and quarterly business review meetings.
Act as an escalation point for the customer and colleagues, working with individuals internally and externally to resolve the incident and put in place measures to prevent recurrence.
Become a subject matter expert on Point of Sale (POS) Payments Solution. Maintain and share knowledge with the wider team by producing documentation and training sessions where required.
Work closely with the Implementation Managers, Technical Consultants, Solution Consultants, Partner Managers, Product Managers and Commercial colleagues to deliver Point of Sale (POS) projects.
Have awareness of changing technical trends within the payment processing industry, scheme/ PCI compliance, mandates and their impacts on customer projects.
Assist the Head of POS Centre of Excellence with recruitment, training plans, team, knowledge development, strategic initiatives, continuous improvement work, project/product meetings and team documentations.
Take ownership of various team/ department OKRs (objectives and Key Results), achieve the end goal and present to the wider teams and the business.

What You’ll Bring

Proven background in managing and delivering multiple enterprise-level projects under tight deadlines.
Senior-level experience working within a technical team/ role and handling complex customer technical integrations.
Senior-level experience in business analysis and managing difficult conversations with customers.
Solid experience in analysing complex situations and defining solutions.
Senior-level experience in managing relationships between internal and external senior stakeholders.
Creative, strategic, and forward-thinking with a great aptitude for problem-solving.
Highly organised with a good eye for detail.
Proactive approach and outside-the-box thinking.

It’s a bonus if you have

Experience in managing Integrated/ Omnichannel/Point-of-Sale payment solutions projects.
Experience in working with enterprise-level merchants and partners.
Knowledge of Cloud Services, Salesforce, ITIL and Agile Methodology.
Knowledge of payment APIs/ Java Environments/ SDK.
Working knowledge of Operating Systems i.e. Windows, Linux, Android & iOS and Microsoft Office Applications.
Multi-lingual, multi-cultural (French, German, Spanish, Italian).

About The Team

To learn more about our winning teams, check out our world-class teams that own it every day.

To learn more about the behaviors we value, checkout our values and behaviors.]

What Makes a Worldpayer

What makes a Worldpayer? It’s simple: Think, Act, Win. We stay curious, always asking the right questions and finding creative solutions to simplify the complex.

We’re dynamic, every Worldpayer is empowered to make the right decisions for their customers. And we’re determined, always staying open and winning and failing as one.

Does this sound like you? Then you sound like a Worldpayer. Apply now to write the next chapter in your career.


