Source: LinkedIn
Date: May 18, 2026
Url: https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/view/4414487489/


DXC Technology
Project Manager

About the job
Job Description

Project Manager 

Location: Gloucester, Manchester or Central London - on site 5 days per week 

Due to Security clearance requirements candidates must be UK nationals or sole British citizens and resided in the UK for 10 years or more.

DXC Technology is committed to building diverse, inclusive teams. We welcome applications from all backgrounds and particularly encourage interest from women, underrepresented groups, and neurodivergent candidates. We offer reasonable adjustments throughout the hiring process and are dedicated to creating a supportive, accessible environment for everyone.

At DXC Technology, delivering excellence for our customers and colleagues is more than just a motto, it’s something we strive towards constantly through our work. Every day we deliver mission critical services in a secure environment whilst promoting our people first agenda, a real sense of community and a healthy work-life balance. Our consistently positive customer feedback and continuous growth helps us cement our place as one of the world’s leading IT solutions enterprises, helping us deliver services and solutions in both challenging and exciting situations.

We believe that hiring a diverse team is crucial to our success and our recruiting decisions are based on your skills and experience as an individual. We actively encourage consistent growth on our journey towards a culture of inclusion and recognise that the people we employ are vital to providing a great customer experience. As such, we have a variety of training, support, and tools available to aid in your continual personal and professional development. Our ongoing goal is to drive innovation and modernise operations across the board, which includes furthering the skills of our colleagues. At DXC, building a better you, builds a better us.

The Role

At DXC, one of our platinum accounts has a position for a Project Manager, ideally with experience in the technology industries. This role will lead one or more medium sized projects with moderate complexity. The Project Manager will work as part of a multidisciplinary team and will be highly organised, dynamic, outcome-oriented with excellent communication skills.

Role Responsibilities

Create and implement project definitions, schedules, budgets, and objectives for one or more medium sized projects of low to moderate complexity.
Prepare detailed statements of work and gain concurrence and approval from stakeholders regarding various project aspects.
Participate in delivery assurance reviews to ensure adherence to project management policies and procedures.
Assist in the staffing of projects. Organise project team members to ensure communication and understanding of deadlines, assignments, and objectives. Participate in work as applicable.
Perform ongoing review of project status, identify possible project risks. Recommend and implement risk mitigation solutions as approved and as appropriate.
Work in conjunction with team members and stakeholders to manage changes to technical requirements, business requirements and schedule of the project. Provide input on possible changes needed based on current project status.
Manage client, company, and project team expectations for agreed upon project performance by obtaining and providing project metrics. Recommend changes or alternate paths based upon performance and metrics.

What You'll Bring To The The Team

Enthusiasm for collaboration and excellent communication skills (written and verbal).
Skill in estimating and knowledge of common project management desktop tools.
Excellent communication skills.
Good leadership skills to train, guide, and mentor the work of less experienced personnel.
Creative thinking and problem-solving skills.
Proficient in handling multiple tasks simultaneously and switching between tasks quickly.
Expertise in working within a team environment to manage virtual project teams.
Ability to create and maintain formal and informal networks.

Desirable Skills And Technologies

Several proven years of experience managing medium to large scale projects end to end.
Formal certification in a recognised Project Management qualification, such as PRINCE 2 Practitioner, Managing Successful Programs or PMP.
Bachelor's degree in business administration, information technology, engineering, or related field.
Competency in working with various project management methodologies.
Experience working with client vision, business objectives, and critical success factors.
Adept in working with delivery assurance principles and appropriate procedures relevant to area.
Experience working with techniques and approaches related to the architecture, development, integration, and deployment of project phases.
Expertise in the delivery of business applications.
Experience in supplier/vendor management.
Knowledge of Atlassian tools, such as Jira, Confluence, etc. 

What We Will Do For You

Competitive compensation
Pension scheme
DXC Select – Our comprehensive benefits package (includes private health/medical insurance, childcare vouchers, gym membership and more)
Perks at Work (discounts on technology, groceries, travel and more)
DXC incentives (recognition tools, employee lunches, regular social events etc)

At DXC Technology, we believe strong connections and community are key to our success. Our work model prioritizes in-person collaboration while offering flexibility to support wellbeing, productivity, individual work styles, and life circumstances. We’re committed to fostering an inclusive environment where everyone can thrive.

Recruitment fraud is a scheme in which fictitious job opportunities are offered to job seekers typically through online services, such as false websites, or through unsolicited emails claiming to be from the company. These emails may request recipients to provide personal information or to make payments as part of their illegitimate recruiting process. DXC does not make offers of employment via social media networks and DXC never asks for any money or payments from applicants at any point in the recruitment process, nor ask a job seeker to purchase IT or other equipment on our behalf. More information on employment scams is available here.