Source: LinkedIn
Date: 16 April 2026
https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/view/4390155742/

About the job
This is Adyen
Adyen provides payments, data, and financial products in a single solution for customers like Meta, Uber, H&M, and Microsoft - making us the financial technology platform of choice. At Adyen, everything we do is engineered for ambition.
For our teams, we create an environment with opportunities for our people to succeed, backed by the culture and support to ensure they are enabled to truly own their careers. We are motivated individuals who tackle unique technical challenges at scale and solve them as a team. Together, we deliver innovative and ethical solutions that help businesses achieve their ambitions faster.

Project Operations Manager
Our Project Operations Managers are primarily focused on execution and delivery of complex global In-store projects for the benefit of our customers, working with our merchants to ensure a successful roll out of their in-store payment systems. The team also manages projects to support our customers go live with our Adyen for platforms solution. Allowing our merchants to process both online and instore payments for their customers at scale. Lastly the team also helps manage complex banking projects where our Customers are utilising our banking platform to roll out a variety of banking products such as card issuing and other financial products. As an expert driving complex technical and operational roll-outs, you will interact and collaborate with internal and external stakeholders in order to create a seamless service deployment experience for our Customers looking to go live on our platform. You will do this by using your experience in integrating systems and superb project management skills. This is a varied and hands-on role in which your tasks range from discussing a project’s strategic direction on one end to verifying correct configurations at the other.

What You'll Do
Manage the project lifecycle from start to finish, ensuring that our Customers are fully prepared to roll-out Adyen’s solution;
Work closely with our Customers’ project and technical teams as well as third parties such as technical integration partners to ensure a smooth rollout;
Build relationships with both internal and external stakeholders to ensure effective management and communication of progress to all parties;
Provide guidance on Adyen’s product and advise on the solution that best fits our Customers’ business needs;
Ensure successful project handovers once the rollout has been completed by setting up scalable business as usual and support processes;
Contribute to internal process improvement initiatives to help our business scale.

Who You Are
Experienced with setting-up complex (ideally technical) projects with multiple stakeholders. Experience in Payments industry or Technical Background is a plus;
Customer-facing experience, stakeholder management, ability to lead conversations and influence business decisions;
Excellent Project Management skills and the ability to lead and manage detailed, time-sensitive initiatives in a fast-paced environment with minimal supervision;
Able to interface and cooperate seamlessly with a global team, adapting to international time constraints where appropriate. Having work experience abroad and/or in multicultural teams is a plus;
Fluency in both spoken and written English. Any additional European language will be considered a plus.
Must be willing to travel, both domestically and internationally where required.

Our Diversity, Equity and Inclusion commitments 
Our unique approach is a product of our diverse perspectives. This diversity of backgrounds and cultures is essential in helping us maintain our momentum. Our business and technical challenges are unique, and we need as many different voices as possible to join us in solving them - voices like yours. No matter who you are or where you’re from, we welcome you to be your true self at Adyen.

Studies show that women and members of underrepresented communities apply for jobs only if they meet 100% of the qualifications. Does this sound like you? If so, Adyen encourages you to reconsider and apply. We look forward to your application!

What’s next?
Ensuring a smooth and enjoyable candidate experience is critical for us. We aim to get back to you regarding your application within 5 business days. Our interview process tends to take about 4 weeks to complete, but may fluctuate depending on the role. Learn more about our hiring process here. Don’t be afraid to let us know if you need more flexibility.
This role is based out of our London office. We are an office-first company and value in-person collaboration; we do not offer remote-only roles.