Source: LinkedIn
Date: 14May2026
Url: https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/view/4411345326/


About the job
Here at Whitbread, we are seeking an experienced Programme Delivery Manager to join our Hotels & Restaurants technology team to own the end to end delivery of a defined product stream, ensuring that the priorities and programmes are delivered against our roadmap.



The Programme Delivery manager will be the point of contact as the delivery owner for the product stream which includes coordinating projects, product, and change activity into a clear, executable delivery plan.



 

Role: Programme Delivery Manager

Contract Type: Full time, Permanent

Location: Whitbread Court, Dunstable (Hybrid working, 3 days per week in office)



Why You’ll Love It Here



Healthcare: Family BUPA healthcare
10% matched pension
Discounts: Up to 60% discount on Premier Inn stays and 25% discount on our Restaurant brand
Annual Incentive of up to 30% Bonus


Check out all our benefits here: https://www.whitbreadcareers.com/about-us/benefits/



What you’ll be doing:



As the Programme Delivery Manager, you will own and maintain delivery plans for the full lifecycle Programme delivery, making sure it is aligned to business roadmaps, programme sequencing, and quarterly delivery cycles. Alongside this, you will lead delivery using agile and hybrid approaches whilst reporting internally to relevant stakeholders, the progress of the delivery against target.



You will act as the single point of accountability for delivery performance within the product stream as well as drive day‑to‑day delivery discipline, ensuring projects meet agreed scope, quality, and release standards. You will also be responsible for managing large scales budgets across different projects.



What you’ll need:



Proven experience delivering complex transformation, technology and business change projects within large, multi‑stakeholder environments
Understanding and experience of critical project delivery disciplines: planning, dependency management, RAID, budget and business case, financial management governance, and reporting
Experience delivering technology change into operational, customer‑facing environments (e.g. hotels, retail, restaurants, multi‑site estates)
Confidence working and managing within product‑led delivery models, alongside programme and portfolio governance
Strong stakeholder management and communication skills, with the ability to coordinate, influence, and maintain delivery focus


Be part of our Technology Team at Whitbread



Through collaboration, passion and hiring the smartest minds, our Technology team builds products and services that are used by 38,000 of us at Whitbread and millions of guests. Everything from an eCommerce website that handles £2 billion in transactions per year, applications that are scalable across our 1,200 hotel and restaurants, devices that enable our teams and guests to have a seamless experience, all whilst keeping data secure. Together we’re building the hotel of the future.