Source: LinkedIn
Date: 16 Apr 26
https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/view/4401418571/

Squarepoint
Project Manager (Corporate Technology) 
London Area, United Kingdom

About the job
The Corporate Technology team manages the IT requirements of the corporate functions within Squarepoint. We work with Finance, HR, Compliance, Legal, Recruitment & Talent, and other corporate teams to review current and proposed processes and provide design solutions, as well as test, implement and provide post-production support for any implemented changes. We also get involved in onboarding 3rd party applications and work with technical core teams to build custom inhouse solutions.



Position Overview:

We are seeking an experienced and motivated Project Manager to join our team, specializing in corporate functions with a strong emphasis on finance processes. The ideal candidate will have extensive experience with Workday systems and a deep understanding of technology systems and processes. You will be responsible for leading and managing the implementation of lead key projects for corporate departments related to the implementation new functionalities, systems, process improvements and reporting enhancements. The role will involve project analysis and when necessary, adapt scope, timelines and costs to ensure the projects adhere to the defined requirements. It is essential you establish and maintain relationships with the appropriate stakeholders and provide regular updates on project status and changes.



Serve as point of communication between company teams and external resources such as banking partners, implementation partners.
Leads multiple project activities throughout project lifecycles to ensure completion within the defined scope, quality and time.
Work closely with cross-functional teams and external teams to plan and develop scope, deliverables
Develop and control deadlines, budgets and activities
Report project risks and outcomes to appropriate management channels and escalate issues according to project work plan.
Planning meetings, taking meeting notes and organizing project logistics.
This role will require the coordination of integration work with our internal development and functional teams and external bank partners. The role will involve preparing a project plan, coordinating with bank partners for resource allocations and getting all necessary paperwork signed. This role will ensure that a status report is shared with internal stakeholders.
This role that will be involved in complex finance and tax projects from a coordination standpoint. We will provide training on the processes to ensure a smooth transition into the role. Our expectation is that, in the future, the individual in this role will be able to initiate process-related questions during quarterly reviews.
Ensure all project documentation is complete, accurate, and up-to-date.
Sustaining the project after completion by devising suitable maintenance and troubleshooting methods


Required Qualifications:

Bachelor’s degree in business administration, Project Management, or a related field.
8+ years of proven experience as a Project Manager, with a track record of successfully delivering projects on time.
Strong knowledge of project management methodologies and tools.
Extensive experience with corporate systems such as workday, salesforce, DocuSign and corporate processes.
Excellent organizational, communication, and leadership skills.
Ability to manage multiple projects simultaneously and prioritize tasks effectively.
Proficiency in project management software and Microsoft Office Suite.
Ability to work under tight deadlines