Source: https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/view/4393977921/
Date: 13 April 2026

Status : Sent email enquiring about sponsorship

About the job
About The Role

 Turn Digital into Human – be the voice your customers trust! 

Supporting TasNetworks’ digital transformation, our Delivery Managers play a critical role in the development, delivery and ongoing management of our digital solutions. This role focuses on our enterprise stream, including SAP ERP, document management and collaboration systems.

As Delivery Manager, you will own a portfolio of digital solutions, overseeing their lifecycle to ensure they remain secure, stable and fit for purpose. You’ll lead the delivery of multiple complex digital initiatives, working through a mix of internal and contracted delivery resources, while maintaining strong relationships with suppliers and vendors to drive quality outcomes and value for money.

You’ll partner closely with business leaders to understand their priorities and translate these into clear digital roadmaps and delivery plans. You’ll ensure our digital products operate effectively within the business context, deliver expected benefits, and that delivery risk, tenders and contract negotiations are well managed.

About You

You enjoy working with others and championing digital solutions across the business, with strong experience leading complex digital delivery in a highly complex, diverse and challenging environment.

You can identify and implement strategic opportunities to improve how we deliver, collaborating and influencing a wide range of stakeholders to achieve successful outcomes.

You bring proven project and delivery management experience across the full lifecycle, with the ability to work autonomously, manage interdependencies, and deliver to tight time frames while maintaining high quality.

Your strong customer focus, combined with sound commercial acumen and experience working with vendors and contracted delivery partners, will see you thrive in this role.

What's on offer

This is a permanent full-time opportunity based out of Hobart, offering an attractive remuneration and benefits package.

At TasNetworks we want to power a bright future for our people, our community and our customers. We offer a supportive work environment where safety is at the heart of everything we do.

As an “employer of choice” we offer excellent employee benefits including:

Free onsite car parking
20 days of annual leave per year + an additional 3 days of leave between Christmas and New Year
Electricity discount of 16.66%
Career development - we have our own RTO and can create personalised career pathways in both trade and leadership
Onsite gyms (plus an annual health and wellbeing rebate) 
All the tools and equipment you'll need to be successful

We are proud to be work180 accredited, check us out

How to apply

Please ensure you attach a cover letter outlining how your skills and experience are aligned with this role, and a current resume. For more information about this opportunity and to acquire a position description, please click

Applications close 11:59pm Sunday 19 April 2026 , however, we will be reviewing applications upon receipt and may commence our recruitment process prior to the closing date.

For further information about the role, please contact Nathan Godfrey, Enterprise Applications Leader – nathan.godfrey@tasnetworks.com.au

TasNetworks is an Equal Opportunity employer and is committed to responding to every applicant. We encourage applications from all members of the community, including people of Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander descent, culturally and linguistically diverse backgrounds and mature aged people.

To be eligible for this position, you are required to have Australian citizenship, permanent residence or a current valid visa that allows you to fulfil the requirements of this role. Successful applicants will undergo necessary pre-employment checks.

About Us

TasNetworks is Powering a Bright Future by delivering safe and sustainable essential services while maximising value for all of Lutruwita/Tasmania.

As Tasmania’s provider of electricity transmission and distribution services, we are committed to providing our customers with affordable and reliable electricity, while helping Australia transition to cleaner energy sources. We have 300,000 residential, business, commercial, and industrial customers, and are committed to working with our community to make a meaningful difference to the lives of Tasmanians – through and beyond the delivery of electricity and telecommunication services.

By joining TasNetworks, you will experience the difference of a company that puts customers first, values safety above all, unifies in the face of challenges, and embraces diversity and forward thinking.

Together, we are powering a bright future for Lutruwita/Tasmania.

Can you see yourself living here?

If you're considering a move, Tasmania's capital city, historic Nipaluna/Hobart, offers an incredible setting for success in this role. Located on the picturesque river Derwent, you'll be surrounded by breathtaking world heritage wilderness areas just a short distance away. Immerse yourself in a relaxed lifestyle and have easy access to iconic destinations like Mona, Port Arthur, and the historic Hobart Waterfront. Nipaluna/Hobart will provide a captivating backdrop to your professional journey.